Create a modern MP3 player application for Android using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose.
This MP3 player should provide the following features.

1. **Content organizing.** All songs to listen to are organized into Playlists. Each playlist contains a multiple of songs. User should be able to add song to many playlists as he wishes. User should be able to move songs between playlists. User should be able to remove the selected song from the playlist. User should be able to create new playlists and give them a name. User should be able to rename playlists. 
2. **Songs local discovery.**  User should be able invoke a local filesystem browser to browse his Android phone for audio files. The browser should provide an option to select multiple files and assign to a playlist. User should be able to create new playlist in place, so the option to create a playlist should be available from the same playlist picker.
3. **Music player**. User should be able to start playing a playlist by playing any song he chooses from the playlist. Music Player provides a UI to play/pause/rewind playback. There are also two modes that impacts the playback of the playlist: "normal mode" plays the playlist until the last song and stops; "repeated mode" plays the playlist until the last song and after this song start playing the playlist from the first song again. Playing music should work when the application goes into background. Player UI should show an album/song cover obtained from the song metadata. The functionality could be implemented using known existing players for Android.
4. **Songs global discovery**. On the main screen user should be able to search songs by a title or by a composer name, so he is provided with a SearchBar to type text. Search should use NewPipe to obtain songs from YouTube and present them as a list. This list could be played instantly by pressing "Play button" on the song cover image or a placeholder image if no cover found. Every song found should have a button to add into playlist. Users should be able to create the new playlist using this scenario too.

You're free to use any OpenSource libraries for Music Player functionality, content organizing and songs discovery functionality.

